Generalize USB creation instructions (#838)
freedomofpress/securedrop-docs: docs/admin/installation/prepare_installation_media.rst

* **Windows:** ``gpg`` must be installed via `Gpg4win <https://gpg4win.org/download.html>`__. Use the Windows command line (``cmd.exe``) to enter commands.

Preparing the installation media
--------------------------------

This guide assumes the use of a USB 3.0 flash drive, although you may also use optical media via an external disc drive (which may make more sense depending on your `security concerns <https://www.qubes-os.org/doc/install-security/>`_).

.. note:: A USB flash drive with a Type-A connector is recommended, as USB-C ports may be disabled on your computer when the BIOS settings are disabled later in the installation

Downloading operating system installers
----------------------------------------

.. _download_ubuntu:

Download and verify Ubuntu Server
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The installation media and the files required to verify it are available on the `Ubuntu Releases page`_. You will need to download the following files:

* `ubuntu-24.04.3-live-server-amd64.iso`_
* `SHA256SUMS`_
* `SHA256SUMS.gpg`_

Alternatively, you can use the command line:

.. code:: sh

>    cd ~/Downloads

Reviewer: Won't work on Windows

Author: Thank you @jskinne3! I've added a commit which should improve the Windows commands, based on additional documentation review and cross-checking with Claude (although untested because I don't have easy access to a Windows machine): https://github.com/freedomofpress/securedrop-docs/pull/838/commits/830b529c06512051e790241b7630f1b076ff5bac

Next, verify the ``SHA256SUMS`` file. ::

    gpg --keyid-format long --verify SHA256SUMS.gpg SHA256SUMS

Move on to the next step if you see "Good Signature" in the output, as below. Note that any other message (such as "Can't check signature: no public key") means that you are not ready to proceed. ::

    gpg: Signature made Thu 11 Feb 2021 02:07:58 PM EST
    gpg:                using RSA key 843938DF228D22F7B3742BC0D94AA3F0EFE21092
    gpg: Good signature from "Ubuntu CD Image Automatic Signing Key (2012) <cdimage@ubuntu.com>" [unknown]
    gpg: WARNING: This key is not certified with a trusted signature!
    gpg:          There is no indication that the signature belongs to the owner.
    Primary key fingerprint: 8439 38DF 228D 22F7 B374  2BC0 D94A A3F0 EFE2 1092

The next and final step is to verify the Ubuntu image. ::

    sha256sum -c <(grep ubuntu-24.04.3-live-server-amd64.iso SHA256SUMS)

If the final verification step is successful, you should see the following output in your terminal. ::

    ubuntu-24.04.3-live-server-amd64.iso: OK
    
If it does not report a good signature, try deleting the ISO and downloading it again.

> .. caution:: If you do not see the line above it is not safe to proceed with the installation. If this happens, please contact us at securedrop@freedom.press.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. caution:: If you do not see "Good signature" above it is not safe to proceed with the installation. If this happens, please contact us at securedrop@freedom.press.
```
